Rightsize harness model/effort for fan-out skills (0235) (#360)
MinhHaDuong/agentic-harness: skills/raid/SKILL.md

## Phase 4: Verify feasibility

> Launch agents by cluster to cross-check plans (`model: haiku` per § Model policy —

Author: **Haiku is too weak for part of this phase.** The checklist below includes *cross-ticket conflicts* and *cross-cutting registry detection* — the signal that triggers the Phase 5.0 coordination PR. That's pattern recognition across N plans, not a mechanical lookup, and the skill's own history note (Wave 2, `feedback_rebase_drop_cascade`) records what missing it cost: a resurrection agent for 3 of 4 merges.

Suggested fix — split the phase, or run it all at Sonnet (it's a small fan-out; the Haiku savings are marginal vs. the blast radius of a missed registry conflict):

```suggestion
Launch agents by cluster to cross-check plans (`model: haiku` for the mechanical
existence checks — paths/lines/signatures; `model: sonnet` for the cross-ticket
conflict and cross-cutting-registry scan, which is judgement, not lookup):
```

---
_Generated by [Claude Code](https://claude.ai/code)_
